Add Stages.md, revise Working Mode to include (#222)
whatwg/sg: Working Mode.md

In all cases, features that hope to graduate to a WHATWG standard should strive to follow the above guidelines, gather appropriate implementer commitments, and have corresponding tests.

> Additionally, those maintaining such proposals should try to involve the WHATWG community, for example by filing an issue on the standard they anticipate eventually becoming a part of.  We also have the optional [Stages](Stages.md) process to help gather attention on incubations as they mature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, those maintaining such proposals should try to involve the WHATWG community, for example by filing an issue on the standard they anticipate eventually becoming a part of. We also have the optional [Stages](Stages.md) process to help gather attention on proposals as they progress.
```
